All right,
let's move on to some modifiers.
We're gonna install another package.
So go ahead and
open your terminal once more.
It's npm install styled-components.
There's an s on components.
I have messed this up multiple times.
Modifiers, okay?
So, styled-component modifiers
are going to allow you to pass in an array
of different modifiers on our components.
And say, hey, I want this to be a small
button, I want this to be a big button.
So very much like this.
You can pass in just a simple string that
says, I want this to be a success button.
Or you can pass in an array.
So this is what we're
installing right now.
So once that install it,
let's go into our button file again.
We're gonna import applyStyleModifiers
from styled-components modifiers.
Now we're gonna actually create a constant
that tells styled-components what kinda
modifiers we wanna have.
So, const BUTTON_MODIFIERS.
So we're gonna give them small button.
And we're also gonna have a large button.
And these are going to be modifiers
that we just can pass in.
So, what I want is to be able to,
let me get rid of these disabled.
What I ideally want is to be able
to come in here and say modifiers.
I want this to be a small primary button.
Or, this has to be in curly
brackets cuz it's a JSX expression.
I want this to be a large button, okay?
So, this is what we want.
So, let's actually go build that.
So, if it's a small button, I want to set
the font size to typeScale.helperText.
So it's gonna be 0.9 or 0.8 rem.
Why is this yelling at me?
I put opening in curly brackets here.
We don't want that.
This is not JavaScript.
This is styled-components.
So, we're gonna use backticks.
So, it has to have backticks here
instead of open and closed brackets.
Just like that.
And I'm going to set padding
here to eight pixels.
And remember I had that diagram
in our design part of this.
And I said, well, padding on a small
button, eight pixels sounds good.
For larger entity font size,
we're gonna do a typeScale.
But, I'm gonna give it an H5.
You can give it whatever you like.
And I'm gonna give this padding
of 16 pixels, 24 pixels.
So 16 top and bottom and
24 left and right.
So we haven't used this yet.
So, what we need to do is, for each of
our three buttons, primary, secondary and
tertiary, we're gonna come down here
to our dollar sign curly brackets and
we're gonna say, applyStyleModifiers.
Call the function and
pass it our modifiers button.
Modifiers okay?
We're gonna do this on all three.
Does anyone know why we're applying it to
all three as opposed to the top level?
If we were to apply that
up here on our button,
all of these are inheriting from Button.
It would actually be overwritten,
probably, by a lot of
individual styling on here.
So we wanna make sure that any modifiers
are the last CSS to be applied so
that they are shown.
And now we go back to our UI.
We can see we've got a small primary
button, a big secondary button and
a tertiary button.